july_26_2018
2 next day

After reviewing some of my journal from my true streak of march, Monk mode 3, I have rediscovered the motivation that excelled me to greatness. What is Valhalla? It is the realm of God. It is connection with myself, deep interaction with my subconscious and an understanding of comprehension of what is value in life. The teachings of the stoics, everything. Girls are meaningless – no sex until marriage. No girlfriend, nothing. These are empty desires. I will remain celibate and I’ll be fucking happy as a virgin. Why? Because I will devote my life to God, to success in the faculties I have been given. Then when the time is right and my money is plentiful I’ll surely procure for myself a wife to bear my children. I’ve fallen into the trap of a goy. Life is not about having a family and being a successful citizen in the eyes of others and yada yada yada. I must never forget this. Never. I’ll create for myself a new constitution here, and transfer this to notes. The rule will be I must read it every morning first thing after waking up. I may make changes to it in the first week in line with my goals, but only towards the more strict with 2 exceptions to account for errors. Here we go. I pray to God that he will give me guidance, and help me remove from myself the physical ailments that inhibit my mind. I pray to God that he will help me in recognizing the truth. I must pray with tefillin, I must create the translation of the amida again – there is no choice. Prepare everything Tonight, to start a day tomorrow that serves justice to God and his glory, his grace and his mercy. How many times I have failed him, desecrated the gifts he has given me, and how many times I have been granted wisdom to get back up and reacquire brilliance long lost.אלוהינו מלך העולם ברוח אתה אדוני



Core beliefs and values:

    1) Our main pursuit in life for the current moment must be success. I will not have a girlfriend, I am forbidden. I will not have sex, or any form of sexual pleasure. It is mercury injected into the blood. It weakens the bones and decays the soul. Success and god, though this distinction is really non existent. 



    2) Life would be glorious even without children. What is the purpose of life? What is the key to true happiness? It is god. Not women, not family, not friends, but god. Though one who approaches the true brilliance of which we are capable naturally acquired a wife, naturally acquires friends, and naturally attracts family. 





Rules

    1) No immediate gratification whatsoever. Ever. No YouTube, no Facebook, no Instagram, no Joey Diaz, no Vin wiki, no fiction books, nothing. Food must be eaten before a workout. 

    2) No pleasure of people that doesn’t serve a productive purpose. No beach tomorrow, no lunch dates, nothing. 

    3) Must go to the gym or do a cardio workout every day except Shabbat no matter what. 

    4) Must meditate every day. 

    5) Foods must be eaten in basic form, never changed to be more enjoyable. No splash of milk to our cream, no chocolate unless we need fat, no strawberries with whip cream, nothing. Food is for the soul, not the palate. 

    6) We must wake up at 5:30 every morning. Naps are allowed after 8 am. 

    7) The journal must be written in daily, no exceptions. 

    8) The day must be planned, even if only roughly, and it’s schedule must be adhered to with allowance for productive leniency. 

    9) There must be a dedicated reading time (the first time will be used to find books to read)

    10) We must not have pride. We must not be arrogant. We are shit, this must be accepted and internalized. During our job we may act with confidence, but in other realms acknowledge our ignorance.



