nov_20_2017
Profound day. I was about cum, had actually planned on doing so, but then I fell asleep. In the morning I decided I would end nofap unless something on the subreddit could convince me otherwise. What I found was a general theory that is not quite fleshed out by the author but something that seems to be correct for its practical implications. It claims that our body has limited resources for operation. When we masturbate or engage in immediate gratifications, our energy is put towards those means and necessarily away from our minds. Over time, this changes the brain to respond to incentives of limiting that resource and we lose or weaken mental abilities. The way to change this, and the part I most believe as useful, is that one must abstain from the supposed energy sapping immediate gratification behaviors of masturbation, social media fucking off, etc. and then meditate to direct the now extra and unused energy towards the brain. If this is not done the energy will simply try to release itself through the usual means. Monk mode necessitates meditation.
From now on I’ll follow this regimen. This not only gives me ample reason and understanding not to fap, but also provides for me a potential solution to the missing piece of the shit life puzzle, partially solved by monk mode. The implications of this are also semen retention, meaning I must actively remain a virgin. At the very least, these benefits will make it so social gatherings are ones I truly enjoy, not ones I attend to further the possibility of sex. In the back of my mind I’m thinking that I’ll try not to get sex and then it will come to me and I’ll be happy, but that cannot be my thoughts. Being offered sex and declining must be a feasible reality. I must decline sex. This seems impossible to me now, but I will accept this fact and hopefully my body will respond to this acceptance. This is the road for me to greatness. The glory I was emotionally addicted to throughout my childhood will only be realized by relieving myself of these very such emotional addictions. Glory must be expressed in awe of the world rather than awe of yourself. Become secondary to an existence that you work to fit into. I feel as I’m writing this now a potent emotion, almost as if I want to cry. I think I’ve encountered something divine. I’m being careful with my words here not to abstract and emotionally misinterpret reality. I feel a physical tension in the top back of my head, slightly uncomfortable in pain.

