september_20_2018
7:37 pm

I call this day a relapse for a number of reasons, all of which are non traditional. Firstly, I pursued seriously someone who I won’t be in a relationship with. I’ve started caring for the social life – and this has made me once more a socially inept fuck. Secondly, I broke my streak as apparent to me through the conscious wet dream I had. In short, I was in the dream and the weird girl was there. She was willing to be sexual, representing my ill viewing of her. I then made a decision at some point that I was gonna cum and then I forced the situation to become sexual, almost forcing myself on the girl but she was complicit, and then I came. I woke up immediately from the dream realizing my choice and since then my super powers have subsided. I was an absolute social train wreck today. I actually want to crawl into a ball and die. I felt a grand depression today and that ties into my final sin, breaking Shabbat. Work will set you free, and if I’m not working I need to be following the tenets of Shabbat. Observe how god will care for you if you allow him to. I broke Shabbat thinking, “it will be good for me to socialize through text” and it has brought me no good. It brought me despair. I would have been much better off if I had followed with the strictness of one who loves god, one who doesn’t question the rightness of God. In my hubris I thought being popular through fucking girls would bring me happiness. Not only have I not even attained the false source of happiness – which is honestly for the better – but I have even sabotaged my social life by behaving and then situating myself as a damned weird fool. My roommate probably thinks of me as grotesque. The reality is not one of despair, however. Sure, my situation is worse today, but incredible minus 10 is still incredible. I must follow god, for it is he and no one else – especially not myself – that will bring me grace and proper living. 



1:54 next day

I’m drunk – tho I didn’t hook up with the girl. Is it right that I should do so? Should I be so focused and honed on hooking up? Fuck. I'll find grace in my class. I also would prefer a girl more feminine, more gentle. IDK man. If she is in fact so innocent maybe I shouldn’t pursue her – or maybe I should to get some medals on my belt or whatever the fuck the saying goes. This is my drunk , poo perhaps unadulterated and real thought process. God is with me I hope. 





