october_20_2018
4:40 pm

It is clear to me now my convictions are fleeting, temporary. When the tests of failure come, what prior seemed such a certainty of misery seems then to be a benign antidote to the poison of desire. I then need to rediscover my convictions, a thorough investigation of confident conclusion. This past self then must be remembered, and the emotional state enabling my willpower reinstated. Is it not just enough, though, to remember in the past I was miserable, or even now the remnants of misery that are more speedily yet returning? The extremes have brought me grace in the past, yet I don’t follow them and the slope is grotesquely slippery. My mind becomes blank, a genius of repression. Instead of isolated focus, I maybe should practice focusing on everything all at once. Or perhaps just elucidating for myself once and for all, then referencing that confident conclusion. Make a document and go through every single belief I hold with such absolute certainty that I am never to question the document. The success of this document would then depend on how many conclusions I could make of necessary confidence. Too few and the list has no implication and is disregarded for something for encompassing. Too little confidence and the whole document is invalidated. Fuck, there needs to be a way. There must be. Perhaps prayer. Make monk mode again, and pray every time a resistance presents itself. Pray to conquer it. This is what we will do, for I must commit before I decide to decide later and let myself slip beyond repair for the valuable night. We’ll start right now. Please, God, enable me to conquer all urges and embrace the coinciding change of this conquest. By conquering such resistance I will build for myself, for you, God, a valuable servant. You have given me the tools and I pray now that you will help me utilize them and cease neglecting the great gifts you’ve given me for empty pleasures. I am using your tools wholly incorrectly. This is wrong, I should not do this ever again. My convictions are not strong enough to say I’ll never knowingly use them incorrectly, but I ought certainly to take this oath. At least for a time to rid myself of this poison of extreme. That is what I’ll set out to do. Resistance is healing. Resistance is healing. Pain is healing. Pain is greatness – yet only pain that is temporary. Permanent pain is futile, the grace of the useless and goyim. 



8:48 pm

I wasn’t able to prevent myself from consuming crap yet again for the remainder of the night, but even just typing the journal I feel my genius hasn’t abandoned me. My intelligence, my gifts of God, are still well present when if I only endeavor to use them. The last excuse has come to past. From this moment forward, it is completely and utterly fitting to follow monk mode with a strictness. An extreme to treat an extreme. I also completely forgot about rjx tonight, no need I’ll let them no I’m no longer interested. I've no need to stoop to the level of deserters, Jews who have abandoned God. I disgrace god in my own ways, in my own negligence and delusion, but even if I have thus far failed to conform my subconscious mind to this belief, with the directness of my soul I will always know such delusion to be wrong. Those Jews, who I must never hate but pity, those Jews act disgracefully. I pity them, I would show them mercy if they came to me. It is difficult not to despise them, but I am absolutely wrong to. Enough melancholy speech, you are not Dumas. The morning of morrow is the morning of redemption. 



