october_24_2018
2:34 pm

I’m not sure if this is day one truly but I supposed I’ll refer to it as such since I’m not wasting my life on videogames and garbage. The interview, however, was a total and utter disaster, worst professional experience of my life hands down. Thank god it was horrible though, it gives me yet insight into how the world works. It is yet another piece of the puzzle. Let us assess. Firstly, I rambled. Terrible. Secondly, I had absolutely no direction whatsoever – it was a travesty. I tried hurrily to talk about random garbage and she wanted me to ask questions, which I had not prepared in any capacity. I then tried to bullshit question which communicated “I am open to you”. It did not communicate strength, but the greatest and most profound weakness. I feel shit because something is being challenged. What is being challenged, my belief I have attained alpha. Lose attachment. Don’t be attached to an internship, don’t be attached to even the dharma, even alphahood. Be attached to none of it, for as we have just experienced, the wound still raw in our minds, attachment brings suffering. For internships moving forward, you will be honest, probing, and real. The ideal company like the ideal woman does not exist. It is fantasy you assumed. Fuck them. AWAY. I will return their call, so then this is attachment, no? For fucks sake, my life must not come to attachment. I just again dipped back to resentment and glory. This is not the path, brother. Do not resent, for they have done no wrong. It is you who has done wrong. Be kind, and grateful, that such oppurtunities exist in the world. Instead, we must acknowledge our own shortcomings and say to ourselves, “It is unfortunate the relationship is no more. This is from entirely my own doing. However, the relationship is not so necessary.” I have even, in my flusterness, lost the idea I had grasped. Become unattached, for the love of god, become unattached. No, the nirvana I seek is still attachment. I feel in being unattached I will attain what I desire, but what I desire doesn’t exist. In being unattached I will only see the truth. Don’t go home, to the wedding. This is not a time to engage with parents and their limiting expectations.

 10:24pm

I’ve just realized, while reading the rational male, that it is important to dispel the fantasy. Life is not as complicated as I make it out to be, or its complications do not exist in my juvenile understanding of mysticism. It isn’t a realm of infinite possibility and mysterious connections between things in this world. It precicsely transcends thins in this world. Life, as I shall live, is not complicated and thank God it isn’t. This seems to be one of the keys to why I wasn’t able to accept anything as true before, When all this complexcity is introduced into possibliity, there is nothing likely enough to be legitimately accepted. 



