nov_20_2018
11:00 am

When I say day this time I mean to keep it. This needn’t dominate your life, but write in this journal every day and be cautious in incorporating new habits. One habit at a time. Anyway, I was prompted to write in my jounral over a confusion of what disposition I should have.  On one hand we have the extroverted friendly character to play, on the other we have the solemn, serious and manly disposition. Perhaps the middle path of these two extremes is to have in your heart the extroverted individual, and have in your behavior the male. No, this wouldn’t work, it is one extreme. It occurred to me earilier, perhaps the best way is to pursue actively and with value the things that you value – the use of the genius. It is ok that you aren’t perfect, but you must learn. Never must you stray from the pursuit of perfection, but it is always exceptable not to be perfect. It is even unacceptable to consider oneself perfect. Yes, that is the fallacy of what’s caused my poor confused disposition. I considered my job done. No, never. There is work to do, not just within a known framework but in expanding this framework and discovering frameworks anew. In this way the right now is everything. There is no far shore, I am already on the shore. Nirvana is not some distant place, nirvana is ordinary. Nirvana is right in front of our eyes. 

	Now, as far as practical implication goes, I think the solutions will overlap of my inability to have a consistent monkmode and my delusion of perfection. Quite simply, modify monk mode to include the baseline of behaviors, the default. Things like studying, sleeping on time, and working out. Then we will incorporate, one at a time, behaviors till they are formed into habit. This allows us to focus on that thing, to investigate its nuances and modify our approach towards it to ensure success. Once that is learned, thoroughly investigated, and incorporated into our person and identity, we will start a new project. I think two weeks is a good start. So, we will begin with this very journal, since journaling on a consistent and not sporadic basis is still something quite foreign. Good day to you, reader, and see you tomorrow.  Looking briefly at my past journal I see how much of an AFC I am, even so recently as 2 months ago. Grasping at impractical extremes in an attachment to the past. If I am mediocre, so be it. I wil try to imporve, but in the event I am unsuccesful, in the event I am a fat virgin for life, then it has thus happened. I need not cling to the past, to some prior idea of elitehood. Elitehood is not good enough for me nor is mediocrity, nothing is good enough for me. Good enough here means that at some point you are done. I am never done, I take the card I’m dealt and I play it. That is all. The outcome of the game matters not, so long as I play it effectively. If my past self did not play it effectively, that is my past self and that is not me. As I write this I cease to exist, the time it takes for each letter to display being plenty enough for the person who conjectured the letter to cease. You shouldn’t think of yourself wholly as a different individual, your past self is not remy, for example, but you shouldn’t necessarily identify with and feel guilt for those actions. They are indicative of what YOU might do, so then you should repent to rid your physicality of the defilements of your past self, but do not feel this personal responsiblilty. 

