nov_20_2018
10:08 pm

I felt again the same inclination for change through proclamation that I felt last time, but reading yesterdays journal has helped me reassume correct frame. I don’t have an enormous amount to say about yesterdays journal except that I agree. I think it is fitting then to summarize the concepts for retention of the theory. Firstly, the self is a product of the empty (buddhist empty) physcial body and the soul, which we will not say is empty nor non-empty, as it is something we fundamentally don’t understand. Who we are, then, is too (also) empty. I am not who I am a moment ago, there is a connection no doubt, but the individuals are different. What comprises who I am is my behavior (the influence of my soul) and its interaction with my body (which is morphed and changed by prior selves). This is how a congruent individual forms. One may say that the body is empty and this is true, but it is the basket in which our experience is aggregated and then prior reality used to communicate the current reality. 

	As for today, the good stuff, I was holy unable to do buddhism work today. I think it must be a result of my failures and indulgences in immediate gratification of yesterday. I had a bad headache and felt fatigued, as well as very hot, every time I tried to study. Before we take the practical steps as to how to fix this, let us investigate some theory behind the observation. What comes to mind is the idea that my mind began its acclimation to false reality yesterday, and that this headache is a result of its now unacclimated state to proper reality. Lets expand on this. The mind acclimates to whatever reality the soul chooses to adopt. Yesterday I think I took steps to incorporate what was a false reality into my own reality, not just rejecting my own reality but through delusion deigning to accept it and the false reality, which necessarily contradict eachother. Through this belief that I was actually accepting a true reality, I was able to convinve myself, well… convincingly, to readily believe the false reality I had produced through morphing myth and truth. My, in both not being suited to that reality and beginning the acclimation process, rewired itself into the mess we find today, where I’m disconnected with my genius and incapable of studying. 

	Since this is a physical sensation I am experiencing, I am also lead to believe that there are physical causes behind my ailment. My diet was heavy in sugar, heavy in menthol, and was very sedentary. I didn’t get as much sun as a should. Well, I feel right now very hot, very uncomfortable, and sort of “icky”. I feel like a plague, unclean. As part of my healing I’ll then do everything in my power to feel clean and cool. Firstly, the nails must be preserved. No nail biting. Secondly, our food must be healthy. Shredded wheat and milk, no greasy carbs. No cheese, probably no chabad lunches. We’ll do it formally in the monk mode. We’ll update on the success tomorrow, I feel I’m so out of it, I feel what I’m writing is completely incoherent so I’ll stop here. 



