february_23_2019
7:13 pm

I fapped last night and binged on milk and irish cream. In starting a new plan to recover I’ve identified 3 categories of behavior. 

There is Do: 

mentally or physically strenuous work that engages all one’s faculties. This includes dedicated study and intelligent production. 

There is Wait: 

behaviors that don’t engage one’s faculties yet take up time. This includes resting, meditation, errands, and pipe smoking.

And there is Consume: 

A passive engagement of one’s faculties, your faculties being engaged for you. This includes immediate gratification, over-eating/pleasure-eating, and consumption of material for the sake of it. 

On consumption:

It typically utilizes the senses, overexciting our emotions through delusions as falsehoods or compartmentalizing interdependent reality, or physical senses through hyper stimulation (food, sex). 

What we suffer from is an addiction to consumption, and an aversion to doing. Doing brings you, apart from financial security, grounding and confidence, assurance and healing. It is the foundation for growth that underscores fulfillment. Consumption overuse stems from a lack of doing, and our lack of doing stems from our aversion to it. It is a cycle, the more we consume, the less we are able to do and the less we do, the more we are inclined to consume. The new program, then, will be to restrict almost entirely consumption and focus on doing. Why almost and not entirely eliminate consumption is some behaviors innately harbor some consumption, but it is in combination with other things. Watching a play, for example, has some consumption but then has doing in the form of the plays interpretation. Similarly, pipe smoking has some consumption in tasting the smoke, but a small amount of doing in keeping it lit and then is mostly waiting. Most of these things will count as waiting, but will still be restricted in use. Which brings us into the important topic of waiting. When we attempt to Do, we will encounter resistance because of our aversion. Like a muscle, our capacity to Do is weak when we haven’t Done. We must Do more and more every day, starting with what we can (Doing until failure) and Doing more the next day, after we’ve resting and our capacity is greater. When not doing, it is important not to usurp this capacity by consuming, and thus we will wait most of the time, doing when capable. Succinctly, then, the new program is this:

Maximize Do, Wait when needed, never Consume. 



