april_22_2019
10:24 pm

It comes time to ask the question, what do I want out of life. My life is out of control, being swayed back and forth by the rivers of circumstance. I act, not with soul, but with animalistic inclination. It comes time, then, to consider being on the most abstract level of what it is I aim to achieve in life. I’ve always responded, immediately, with “prophecy”, but this argument is no longer convincing and I find myself switching back and forth from the life of pleasure to the life of toil, the life of pleasure being my default state and the life of toil what I believe to be an ideal, and I’m fighting my nature in order to live the life of toil. I am rather sick of fighting my nature. If necessary I will, but wouldn’t it be far better if my nature aligned with the authority of God? Perhaps, then, I can change it. This is thus an exploration of my nature. At the moment, my nature is very confidently the life of pleasure. I haven’t considered or comprehended this choice with my being, because I’ve always regarded it as temporary. Now I will regard it permanently. 







The life of pleasure:

The aim here is to do what is absolutely necessary for survival, for provisioning sake, and then spend the rest of your time devoted to pleasure and enjoying life. For the sake of consideration, lets say we studied game to the necessary capacity and lets say we developed, somehow through personality, money, or other, a popularity so that we had the pleasure of people in addition to that of technology and materials. Essentially, lets consider the life of the hedonistic King as the ideal here. He need not work, he need not toil. He merely enjoys and consumes. He fucks women, eats to obesity, heartily laughs with friends, plays videogames to his whim’s desires, watching television series when tired.  

Review of past journal:

I talk of a “nectar of genius” and that “to lose it is unthinkable”. I don’t even know what this is. Is this what is worth pursuing as a life goal? 

I later retrospected about this beginning. Even then, I had an “analytical nature” of intelligence. I’ve now realized something I suppose has been forgotten for the past few months. My intelligence has died. We’ve seen my eloquence dissolve away, but further I don’t think like I used to. The intelligent discourse, the analytical and impassioned search for truth is gone, burned out and smothered. This was something beautiful, and I feel good now to feel sad about it’s loss. Is it something I can get back, but more importantly, is this something I want? Is it something worth pursuing? I look back and, perhaps because of a nostalgia, perhaps because of a grief, I feel quite sad. I feel a passion, and this passion is a gift from God. I must harvest it into action. I’ve been living the past months of my life in self destruction, in meandering confusion, in deadened awakeness. I believe this past retrospection has enabled me to enter  anew state of consciousness. I’m on a search for truth, for God. The fanatics life is wrought with emotion, I am desperate to maintain it, carefully stepping with my words and thoughts. 

Do I dare even make a life plan? Do I dare associate myself with the past efforts of failure and despair? I feel, now, meditation is possible and of use. We still need articulate our planned procedure of life. Whatever it is God commands of me to achieve prophecy, I shall pursue. I yet need be open to what that is. The social character perhaps limits me, it sentences me to stupidity. I don’t know at this time how it is I should act regarding others. Perhaps a new monk mode is finally in order. 

To summarize here of what we must do with our life. God is the only answer. The fat King is starving. I am starving. The end is not in people, the end is not in women, the end is in God. In prophecy. I seek to perceive truly. 











Monk Mode 2-1 : Have we yet escaped the desert?

Enforcements:

Religion:

I must do everything in my power to facilitate the state of consciousness that is this prophecy, that is this heavily emotional desire. Completely adhering to the commandments of the religion is part of this. 

Health:

Physical ailments impede my prophecy, they impede my clear vision. I must do everything in my power to create a healthful body, so that I am better able to perceive truly. 

School/career:

I need take care of my school work to the extent necessary that I am not anxious about it, that it doesn’t take my mental realestate and therethrough impede my efforts to perceive truly. This means studying for and completing assignments on time in a timely manner. 



Restrictions:

Immediate Gratifications:

These are idols for the mind. They are not the reality of God. Youtube is an idol, Netflix, all of it an idol, human fabrications. I need perceive the world. It should not be separated from my mind as a mysterious unknown. Do not block it on webblocker. Instead it should be fathomed, though we should not take it’s idols. 

Junk food:

These impede our perception by negatively effecting our health. They cause stomach aches and disturbances. You have a sense of which foods won’t hurt you, use this sense. 

Fapping:

This hurts you by utilizing a sexual energy in an improper manner. It should be used in profound service to God, in presence of a woman. When fapping you corrupt yourself through an incomplete incoherent behavior. 



