may_26_2019
1:17 am

On shabbat today, in addition to that relapse of dried fruit and youtube entertainment, I also experienced, as I do in nearly every shabbat these days if not every day, that melancholy for a better life and, more specifically, for love. I must mention now I feel a concern writing this that I will use this constant melancholy as a justification for relapse. “I shouldn’t feel this shit all the time, poor me, if I relapse then it isn’t my fault”. Our situation has transcended fault you fool. It is true, we serve God in this campaign, but perhaps even more we are serving ourselves. Fuck fault, fuck fair, in the eloquent prose of The Hound (game of thrones character). This transcends fairness, for we could be the most justly served of all the land in refusing to do this or that, and yet our life would still be garbage and our days marked by a profound discontent. Whether fair or unfair, just or unjust, we have a seemingly guaranteed path out of misery. If we are melancholy for the time so bloody well be it, what other option do we have? Take it for the communication it’s worth and bear it to the best of your ability. 

	Anyhow, as I was saying, I felt very heavily that melancholy, longing for affection. Not for an individual, or even necessarily a woman, but a seemingly pure undirected emotion. It sometimes feels as if all the confusion, all the pain and self-discontent wells up into a cry out for salvation, that hope might yet finally come, that I may yet be accepted by society, by people, by a woman for once in my life. That all these profound deficiencies being a product of my indiscriminately horrible behavior in my youth might be yet healed. 

	We’ll let that emotion be as it were and is. For now, there is also the issue of the terror with which I might respond to cold approach. In order that we not feel lost, it is important to have something there to do (at the mall, where we will conduct cold approach). We must then research in the morning some about jeans or see if some Macy’s there, in freehold that is, might have the dress shirts we’re looking for. When we go with genuine purpose outside of pickup, that gives us confidence in our existence and, at the least, a backup plan. 

I’m writing this last bit a little later now as I forgot to address it, but we need to create a plan so that I might stop biting my nails and relieve from myself this grotesque and harmful compulsion. I believe the right plan for now is to abstain from all OCD grooming activities. Further, in order to discourage maintenance that might cause this compulsion to well up in an agony which we can’t resist, we will cut the nails to a short length. In time we may grow them out, for now if they are short yet healthy I do not mind. 



