july_20_2019
12:30pm

I’ve opted to write this entry in the journal rather than in the damage report because I expect to come to some philosophical exploration, as oppose to a simple damage reevaluation. Where I’m at right now, since starting my job really, is new territory. We haven’t had this much success in a long time. Not that we’ve been so blitheringly successful, but compared to what we were (and have recently regressed to) we have. When I chose to watch youtube and Netflix again on Shabbat, it was an effort to hide from our reality. In the house we were uncomfortable. Surrounded by the wise father and, otherwise, enemies but no friends. No persons of companionship, an incomplete tribe. Further, I had no purpose of my own to supercede social pursuits. For whatever reason, I was only half interested in academic/philosophical pursuits. Perhaps because social development with men too, but mostly women, has been a focus for me. In short, my life at that present wasn’t quite bearable or enjoyable. When I went to work, I had something to do. I woke up, drove, worked, drove back, exercise, and had miniscule time for life, bullshit or otherwise. The little time I did have was easily filled with friends or other beneficial activities. Now, however, when I have no such productive distraction, no such autopilot, I am left to face my stark reality. In truth, it is one I’m unhappy with. I don’t have my own place to improve. I don’t have women quite yet in my life. I don’t have a business or something to grow. I don’t have a personal project of some variety to drive me, or not one that I’ve started viably and seriously yet. 

And it is thus, that having nothing to do when awakened from corporate employment I turn once again to pleasure and poison. In short, I have yet to develop a life of my own to focus on, build upon, and improve. I continue to drift as I did throughout all my adolescent years, which should have remained in my adolescent years, caught in undecided experience with the winds of life. I get happy when I see my improving physique, my improving ability with women, for they are resources and tools with which to build my life. But, I have yet to start this building process. Perhaps, in part, because it makes me incredibly nervous that I may begin to assign and devote resources incorrectly. I don’t really know in what direction I want to take my life. 

General statistics and computer science, perhaps, but where should I truly be going with all of this. Perhaps it is a safe option to pursue social development with experience and pleasure, as many do at this age, as a primary goal in a sort of incubation phase before you’re ready to make a decision of your career specialization and life direction. I do feel as though, whatever I do commit to, it must feel right in the bottom of my gut. It must have security and promise. This sense I feel is an indicator of to what extent this embodies what is often referred to as a “purpose”, though I don’t believe in a life purpose. It is, really, something that is enjoyed, competitively advantageous, and fiscally valuable. In trying to narrow this down some, I do believe I want to do some variety of online business. I think I need to be studying some minor app development perhaps, I want to be able to deploy some simplistic programs that could make money. Perhaps also doing courses on what I learn. 

To conclude here, I do need to find a purpose or pursuit but it seems, at present, I don’t have enough information. The incubator idea seems appealing to me, but I can’t just hoard resources waiting for the good investment to come. This won’t be something that can save me from the enticements of poisonous pleasure. I then need to find a pursuit that still allows me to incubate in the extent that it is general enough to encompass what I anticipate will be my purpose, but specific enough so that I make real progress and build upon something, so that I’m not swept away by too long a term. 



