august_20_2019
12:46 am

I just got back from chilling with Matt and his employee Joe. Though I tried to implement some aspects of “don’t talk to people”, I still explained a lot, talking about cold approach and women. What I’ve discovered? Don’t talk to these people unless they specifically ask you to. And even then, only talk to them inasmuch as they request you to do so. You’re time and insights and conversation are worth a hell of a lot more than something to just give away without a request even. Any aims or goals you might have, to expand a cold approach club, to build valuable relationships and friendships, to have someone with whom to discuss your cold approach stuff, none of it is worth the strain and humiliation we incur when we overspeak and beg people to listen to our conversation. No more, I’m making a pathetic fool of myself. If someone wants something from me, they’ll have to come get it. They’ll have to add to my life. There is no reason I should prostrate myself to others. Let them contribute to me equally or more than I contribute to them, because yea, I’m fucking worth it. 

Practical steps to take, have in mind always when talking to someone, “what are you offering me in this conversation?” “Are you worth my time?” “Do I see something in you and are you contributing to me enough that I should risk my interests in imparting to you what wisdom I may have?” “what have you said about yourself, that I should reveal something about myself?”



Always err on the side of silence and maintain that they must earn your endearment, must earn your speech, that they must earn your wisdom and ideas. 

Further, I will add, this is a very important and necessary step in developing into an alpha who is desired, which is necessary for making people feel good and being gregarious as you like to. Attention is only valuable when it is not free. It must be earned. When an alpha speaks, people listen, because he makes himself and his words valuable. We've for a long time now, felt subconsciously that we are fucking up when we speak too much, when we give our words away without value. We ignore the voice and give in to your emotions, which want to talk. We need to listen to this voice. It is wisdom.



