january_20_2020
12:31 pm

Experiences of the past few days have been too disparate to organize well under a few abstractions so I won’t attempt here to summarize them, as I shouldn’t. What’s prompting me now to write this is an anger and strong emotion. Last night, and I suppose many previous nights too, I’ve been just taking too much shit. At points I’ll feel independent, like I don’t give a damn. At other times I’ll fall into habit of perhaps over investing, of perhaps caring and subordinate myself. Or maybe what’s bothering me is a general malaise of everything. My emotions at present are simply I don’t really give a shit. I’m underscored by anger. Then, of course, I’m only able to stop giving a shit because of shits given in the past, and the moment my DGAF attitude anticipates a conflict with the cozy system that’s been setup for me I immediately back it down and play the character until I feel it safe again to not give a fuck. That behavior is being a pussy. And, of course, now considering this mindset, when some ideal philosophies and mindsets become too complex to hold in our head, we turn to self-interest. And then we think “what is in our interests”, then we lose touch with the socializing habits of normalcy, start being autistic, get scared, and revert back to the essential we know, which is inevitably overinvestment. 

We can’t have this malaise attitude; it gets us nowhere but the above bullshit loop. Take control of the moment, direct that anger into a lack of mercy or consideration for the person from whom you are conquering the moment that it is most pleasing to you. Instead of taking some moral high ground for an external observer, really being yourself or God, to give you bonus points, actually manifest the lack of caring by placing your bet on something. There are no points given for potential. Don’t think “I’ll do what my emotions want in this moment and if you don’t like it fuck you”. That is a rather bluepill idea of self-interest. We understand to a significantly practical extent how people behave. Use that knowledge combined with a consciously identified self interest. We need be more than just self-interested, we need to be interested in the right self. 

And then, of course, we shouldn’t get too lost in the Machiavellian aspect of things, because true self interest as far as others are concerned is ideally a mutual benefit. So a lack of consideration or mercy must be granted for the few times we’re screwing someone over, but most of the time it should be compassion towards firstly yourself and secondly others, that both parties’ benefit. 

Now, as far as girls are concerned, for example that one girl Anushka, I don’t believe the sort of radio silence pouty beta thing is quite right, but it’s certainly better than overinvesting. Regarding that, I so hate taking it up the ass. No more. I want to hold in all my interaction that females are worth jack dick squiddly shit. Hold standards for if they earn the right to waste your time fucking. It’s a large investment setting up logistics for a girl. Let the girl invest in you and earn her fucking keep if you’re to take charge, take her needy ass aboard your ship, and captain it now with her needs in mind. Not every girl is worth it, and the more they make it easy for you to captain the ship, the easier can be the decision to bring them aboard. If they cause problems, fuck em. Don’t matter if they’re a 2 or a 10, they all pale in comparison to the glory of God at the end of the day. They’re not jack diddly dick to the true pleasures of using the muscle of the mind and finding love for God.

 Delete the numbers, damn that feels good. We’re hitting the right notes with that fuck. Perhaps even better than sex, no almost certainly better. I feel alive. Fuck that bitch.



