nov_3_defaultYear
Though it may be me trying to find confirmation in my first impression of monk mode because it was a positive one, I do think I am more in tune to my body and emotions. YouTube and videogames actually feel quite distant now, I feel much more adult. 
I saw one of the nachman golf carts with the old guy, I found it genuinely hilarious. It does seem my sensitivity to happiness has increased.

*typed during Friday night dinner party*

I genuinely need to stop being weird. My natural intuitive self, where social interaction is concerned, is wholly ineffective at being cool or socially regarded highly from years of malpractice (ie, a shit social life). Because of this, social interactions can never be natural, at least not until the proper social practice becomes intuitive. I need to be conscious, always, of what I’m saying. Restrict all impulses and conform in major marginal events that serve as a test of acceptance within a perceived society (organized games regarding sex, physical contact, or other “tween” topics that are forced for the sake of mutually understood desires, sex). Intellectually identify yourself as an individual, but don’t emotionally respond. 

A dinner party is not a gathering of your friends with whom you can act naturally, it is a test to determine and reconfirm that social status of those present. (edit next morning, I’m being a bit disingenuous here because of the later mentioned bitterness and the perceived wrongdoing, in my subconscious thought process, having the potential to justify this disingenuousness when the inconsistency with reality will, in my current perception, be inevitably confronted. This is not the reality itself, or at least I haven't thought through that at all, this description is the reality which would produce from me the desired responding behavior. I want myself to act as if it is a test and not friends, though a dinner party surely is meant to be a gathering of friends. This reminds me that I must have a good time as well, seat placement is very Critical to be close to people you can talk to freely.) When embracing an unconscious assumption underlying your behavior of shared fundamental value (or behaving as if they are true friends) you expose your weak points and firmly situate yourself as shit. You have no friends, you have a specific friend at a specific time. Two friends can never exist at once, when interacting with one as a friend another can never be a friend, at this point the social game begins and requires intensive thought (next morning edit: again, this is disingenuous. This is the reality that produces my desired response, not necessarily The reality though it does, I believe, have relative truth in comparing 1on1 with group conversations.). Even then, one on one interactions are still understood from a context of a larger society. Unless you are close enough with an individual where they can place you and themselves as the top of a pyramid of truth and context, where the relevant society considered is you and them and no one else (ex, Matt), they can and must never be a true friend. 

I’m speaking slightly bitterly now to express to an external observer bitterness, and ultimately direct anger and blame at this observer at this time emotionally substituted with myself, for the unfairness or incorrectness of this system, being the dynamic to which the aforementioned friends are supposedly directly responsible. Do not reject the system, do not reject the dynamic. Acknowledge it is flawed and that it wouldn’t exist in the presence of extremely well minded and open individuals (ie, proper adherents and scholars of the Torah), however don’t reject the flawed system. Embrace it, understand how to excel in this system, for it pervades throughout every aspect of advanced adult life within a nonreligious society. It will inevitably be useful in business and everything there related. 

(After eating cookies and shit) I should also remind myself that my current state of hyper observant retrospection is because of monk mode, including not gaining happiness from crap. Junk food is crap, find a way out of the situation rather than endure it with shit. Psychopathy is totally on the tables, justified by the previous observation showing they are not your friends, but players in a game. Lie and tell them you’re not feeling well.

Don’t be open minded about arbitrary conventions, be a doofis. Adamantly demand conventions are followed by your knowledge of them, further, specify what these are mentally beforehand so as to enable me their strict adherence. Never acknowledge them. 




