march_20_2020
8:39 pm

In recent we’ve fallen off moreso than we have before. Not exactly as much in behavior, but almost in an archetypal succumbing to all the things we know to be wrong. We ate crap, we’ve become enslaved with surprising violence to simple pleasures. That surprising violence has also been reflected in our physical state, which was highly irregular. I woke up today at 7 or 8, immediately watched crap, then slept again until 3pm or so. Extremely tired, today barely existed. Today was, however, some moderate progress from yesterday, in that I kept strictly to a diet – not that I had many temptations to overcome if I’m honest. I’ve had headaches all day today. There was that ethereal, temporary, almost mobile feeling again that seems to come with spring, as if I’m on the verge of something. Of some large change, that I don’t overinvest in the present soon to change. My mind has become rather empty once again. My motivation, if I have any, is sort like this spiritual curiosity. 

I don’t know what will come of this state. It seems like a huge crash is imminent. Can this be avoided? Is it a necessary reformation of my psyche? Is my body forcing dramatic failure that I can be built better from the ashes? If that’s the case, I’d surely like to avoid that dramatic crash. The failure to complete my responsibilities quite scares me – as it should. 

Right now I do have a motivation, it seems, to do my course work. Perhaps I can focus on that. I also have, from that mentioned curiosity, some motivation or want to continue abstaining from certain things, that I might see how far down the rabbit hole goes. This isn’t good though. I remember these same feelings in Israel. This leads to dysfunctional disaster, we should do what we can to reenter normal routine and return to normal. 

8:54pm 

I don’t have conviction, but I’m seemingly lacking addiction and desire. I’m also growing excited thinking of building myself, being the artist of my person. Let us pursue. 

12:14am

We’ve sort of come back to normal I’m thinking. Lets wake up tomorrow on time, go running as we do, and try to reclaim some responsibility. Coding is certainly the most attractive labor. We should study some comparch for the exam though. We can wait for algo tomorrow to see studying for that. 













