march_20_2018
5:00 am

I just consolidated my Journals now because I wanted to look over them and reflect on what I wrote. What has struck me, and which is horribly obvious to me right now in my lack of eloquence, is that I’ve regressed. My mind is blank. I have stopped thinking really. The genius is gone, but even the earlier foundation for the genius is also gone. I had maybe a small glimpse in recognizing the separation of my mind several days ago, but even that took lots of time looking at a whiteboard. I’ve since been desperately latching on to that one moment of possible clarity, progressing nowhere. I can only reason that I suffer the same ailments of the mind that prompted the first monk mode. I feel I’ve descended into normalcy. Sure, my social skills have improved I suppose but they were never really broken – I was just unwise. Along with this miniscule wisdom during the break I’ve reacquired mental fog. My mind is empty, blank. I have nothing to say, no connections to make. Utilizing the genius is strained. “Why make yourself desolate?” – because what I presumed to be desolation is freedom, I know not true desolation. The middle path is not to be confused with horrible myth of a balanced lifestyle. I refuse to let my mind become a reactive, empty, dead sheep (not primarily in following, but in being a dumb animal, though following is included). 

	Today I start another Monk Mode. I pray God will help me in knowing my failures and avoiding the same mistakes. I will adhere to the necessity to write in this Journal as I adhere to my belief in Judaism. Even now, one can easily see the similarities in my simple-minded conviction with that of the stereotypical naïve protagonist, or perhaps of a 14-year-old boy. This is all the more reason I must be strict with this monk mode. I’ve tasted the nectar of genius and to lose it is unthinkable, though only in memory as I can’t comprehend its value in my current state.



2:14 pm

I do think I feel different now, not much improvement of mental fog that I can identify, but I feel more relaxed. The path forward puts me at ease. I would also say my countenance is a stern one of conviction. I also seem to be taking my actions with a slowness, as if I don’t know what’s right so I won’t make any rash decisions. I know much that is right, my knowledge is just limited. I should subscribe confidently and unapologetically to what I know, and seek to find what I don’t when its relevance demands its knowledge. This thought will be reconsidered in end of day journal/analysis and a practical behavior change determined if appropriate. 

- I do agree with the existence and discussed explanation of a "slowness" and think it's rooted in a sort of apologetic mindset. This should naturally subside as my confidence increases. If my confidence doesn't increase, then I'll address that and, therefore, the "slowness". 

9:58 pm

I successfully adhered to my rules without much difficulty, if I’m honest. As a result, my productivity wasn’t anything remarkable, but was at an acceptable pace. I spent a lot of time fatigued, napping while awake, just staring into nothing. I imagine this means my mind is healing.  As I continue my energy and vigor should naturally return. Immediate gratification seems like poison to me. The thought of it is associated with headaches and mental ailment, as if classically conditioned to dislike a food from bad experience. I feel as if I can readily and easily make progress on my mind by sticking to this monk mode. I'll gradually become more efficient and refined as I maintain this pace. 



