march_20_2018
10:16 pm

So tonight I went to seidell and had chips and beer and carbs. Those were most certainly pleasure foods. I will start gluten free tomorrow. Carbs will come from brown rice or the pita allowed until next Sunday, just what I've already purchased. But, something much more profound is that I've come to realize I'm hanging out with Richard, forcing myself to go to jeffs and events I don't want to do, because I want friends and I also want to be cool. I was fixated on being alpha like a delinquent when I should fixate on being alpha like me. Find those who share your interests and become friends with people who matter. Don't conform, don't become part of a community, don't be alpha, be you. Now, there is the concern that me is old beta self, but there is a difference between plain alpha and confidence. I shall be confident in being me, that is… I've just realized I don't really know what values regarding other people define me. Should I be nice, helpful, tough, overly confident, joke to have a good time. I've been avoiding assessing a trait by mimicking successful ones, but ultimately mimicry is mimicry. This is now where Maimonides comes in, The key is the middle path. Should I be nice or tough – I should be both when appropriate, tough when someone displays malice, stupidity, or harmful ideas and nice when they seem good-natured and well intentioned. I should joke when appropriate, but be serious during serious matters. I should express humility in knowledgeable matters but confidence in values. 

I also have a suspicion that quizlet activated the same immediate gratification response in my brain, perhaps this is why I'm sluggish lately. And perhaps there is a value to nofap reddit, but this value must then become a task, and relegated to a specific time frame with goals for effectiveness in its benefits. Reddit will now be accessed only on my computer and only during a specified time slot. For the next week, however, I will not go on reddit at all. I need to first go to the opposite extreme before approaching the middle path. 



