march_26_2018
11:29 am

I skipped ulpan today and went on Reddit the whole morning. I didn’t get enough sleep and thought that affected me. As much as I love reddit, and the support of nofap and the belonging of a community, I must realize this is an internet addiction just like porn, just like YouTube, just like fapping. No more reddit, forever. It is now part of monk mode. I am seizing the light for myself. Today I will be no carb, today I will be no internet. 

2:27 pm

I need to make some strict and concrete rules. 

    1- I’m not allowed to use any internet of any kind unless explicitly permitted in these rules

    2- I may look up YouTube tutorials or Google a programming problem

    3- I can check WhatsApp for new messages, however I cannot review old messages or images except for necessary information

    4- I may chat on Snapchat. No viewing of stories

    5- I may browse the mishne Tora for a very specific, productive purpose. Such as amassing information, or looking at his opinion on a specific practice to determine a rule regarding that process.

    6- I can only read my journal directly before making another entry. This means not in the morning.

    7- I can check new emails, but if they are irrelevant I must unsubscribe from the sender or stop reading after I realize this. 

    8- I cannot review or look at old photos except for a specific productive purpose or reason.

    9- If there is something productive I want to do with an unknown time, if it takes 15 minutes or longer I give up on it unless it is necessary. 

    10- No Facebook except to RSVP a certain event. 

    11- No Jeff unless I can demonstrate it is productive. Netanyahu is productive in a few capacities. Barbecue is not in any. 

    12- Hanging out with friends isn’t productive, however it is necessary. I am allowed 4 passes per week to do something that is not productive, but with friends. I may use them at my discretion. Ades counts as 1, Ben is number 2. These passes exclude Jeff events except for parties, for which I may use them.

    13- On Shabbat I may spend as much time with people as I desire. The mandate is that I don’t escape to reality, I can, however, be as lethargic as I desire, assuming I complete the Shabbat tasks of prayer and Friday preparation.

    14- I cannot go farther than making out with a girl outside of a serious relationship. Hands may roam, but not under clothing. 

8:24 pm

I’m feeling better overall with my rules. More free and more pure, as always when I start monk mode. Remember to commit to your promises to yourself. If I say I’m gonna be nocarb for today and tomorrow, God damnit I’ll be no carb. 

3:28 the next day

I stayed up late tonight talking to Matt, I really hope he sticks to this plan or shows similarities to my efforts, so that he might have my success soon. Regarding me, this was a rather successful night. When I was hanging with naco and “the boys” I acted very well and had a good time, naturally. Everyone laughed at my jokes and I was serious when I should be, and funny when appropriate. Story telling may still be an issue but we all had a good time last night. I’m also happy I made progress on the prayer translation again. Slowly slowly I’ll become closer to god. I also stuck to my diet very well. I had salads with hummus and the steak with veg. I’ll shoof haircut tomorrow, see what I want to do. Valhalla is on the way. 



