may_20_2018
10:34 am

This is perhaps the most shit I've felt in a very long time. I feel extremely fogged, so much so that I fear I can clearly see the path to clarity, putting me in a negative feedback look. I also am feeling a love, for mankind for everyone for everything. I feel a power in my loins, I believe this is the source. Though I feel incredibly sad at the same time I am joyous and happy. What's happening is I have a physical response of some type of excitement. I don't know if this is happy or sad excitement, fear or love. Because I feel very fatigued and foggy, I'm going to state the goals I consciously recognize or remember recognizing and move from there, starting with ones I have the most confidence in. In a way I'm situating the absolute truths for myself to conclude the rest of my life, like descarte.  

	I want to be Jewish and follow Judaism, follow god. This is true 100%, perhaps the most true. Reducing that to less abstract goals, I want to be successful in secular life, and with god in mental life. Further, I want to be productive and I want to know reality to the greatest extent. Now an emotional pursuit, I want friends. I love mankind and want to be with them. Even further with Jews, for we are a tribe. Right now we have productivity, accurate comprehension of reality, and human relationships. I also want to love god, but I don't know if I do. If I don't this is because I don't understand properly what god's presentation to us is. One reason I love people or things is because they provide something of value to me, and God is certainly the greatest source of bounty. He gives everything that is given, creates everything that is created. I state this as fact, ready for logical manipulation to conclusions, but I really don't comprehend it. Must I see examples maybe? Is it impossible to comprehend? I will throughout today and tomorrow look at everything not as I normally see it but as gods creations, which they are. I first thought that someone loving me also makes me love them, but I'm reconsidering. I think now that love of one as a source of bounty must come from a full desire to provide you with bounty, proven by its manifestation in behavior. I've lost my train of thought and have become tired again. I will go to shook, eat bread, and reassess my goals. Maybe I will have a food only diet, allowing bread and things, for a week. I feel hunger will impede me. 

5:12

I fapped at 5 pm. It is high time we stop dicking around. This "Oh I'll just start over the next day, a fresh start" is pussy liberal bullshit. Man the fuck up right now. We don't have time. While we have wasted 19 years of life, those who man the fuck up and experience the discomfort, regardless of what comes their way, have succeeded. I don't have the capacity for sympathy of others. Simply, I am not worthy. I am lowly piece of shit. I shouldn't have confidence, should not have friends, not until Sammy comes. Then I may be confident in the values I espouse. Thinking ahead I see, trying to escape the current reality through time. Fuck that, I am here and now. I suck. I have always sucked. I do nothing. I accomplish nothing. I am a beta male faggot piece of shit. A real man does not need a family to push him to greatness, only god. Extremes, this is what will bring me grace, and what I need. DO NOT EVEN THINK about that smut. Extremes of health, extremes of productivity, extremes of god. I am not ready for friendship by fault of my own. If I want to be a pussy and not take control of my life because no friends is sad, I can go fuck myself. I disgrace god and everyone I supposedly befriend. 

I have no right to even be mad at myself, I conceded to my primal self. I now understand. I allowed it to rule me. I was the primal self's master. Now the primal self can go fuck itself. This declaration is abstract and meaningless and unproductive, but I have chosen to express it as an abstract concept behind my new actions. If they are not in line with this text I am a piece of shit. If I behave in line with this text, I will achieve morality. Let us begin. 



