june_20_2018
4:45 pm

Bread makes you tired, makes you relapse – so we've learned. Monk mode 5 has begun, because I've been horribly sick since binging on food and computer, though that surely can't be all. Diarrhea is a still runnin'. I think I'm coming to realize some wise truths now. For social interaction and the such, beliefs should be determined by behavior. If one ought to do something, like be friendly to others, his beliefs should incline him to do that thing, so he would believe everyone has value so as to be friendly to everyone. In other news, very tired today. Well, wasn't so tired but I'm certainly tired now so whats up with that. I'm supposed to read an article before shabbat, I'll just read both on shabbat though, still read what I can before too. 

I get a certain emotional melancholy whenever I see something picturesque, in this case trees blowing in the wind. It's removed, leaving open the world to possibility, it's color and figure are quite pleasing, and it seems as if it would be part of an ideal living. That such simplistic beauty would surely be in my ideal life, when I say no more to bad destructive behavior and ascend towards the heavens. It's at these times that I feel love. Its not for a human though, which says something about love. Maybe it's towards a human I desire, not a specific individual just having someone in general. I feel I'm still dreaming towards an ideal life, but I feel as if all of it will be the same as what I'm doing exactly right now, and that the joy is there for us to find. On a likely unrelated not, all art is describing life. Back to the trees, good times with friends? Is this the source of happiness that prompts my emotions? Holidays with Christmas socks and hot cocoa? I'm not even Christian, this is just in my mind from culture, so this is not quite an accurate source. Perhaps , and it feels accurate now, perhaps I'm longing for the childhood I never had, probably a bit over shot for the proximity to such an easy cliché, but something in my childhood maybe. Riding bikes with connor and brian, childhood adventure, is this what I'm so reminiscent of? Why? Perhaps it was a necessity to be exercised out in order to see it's meaningless and it is meaningless because it is not of god which we have situated must be source of absolute meaning so we can ignore it with that simple logical proof or simulate it's happening in our head to see it through to meaninglessness, but then what? Find meaningless in the next thing. These are just like the empty pleasures of so many other things, but "childhood friends stuff is natural, not computer. How can it be meaningless?" nature is not meaningful necessarily. Fine then so how are we to find the deep, emotion inciting meaning. All these emotional invocations relate back to past experience, again, the artificial potency of emotions through childhood I suppose, but maybe they aren't artificial. Maybe they are more pure because the proportion effect, where they encompass a higher proportion of our experience, or rather our experience hasn't been muddled by excess or bad behavior. Is there real emotional excitement left in the world for one in adulthood? Surely this is found within the realm of Judaism, or god, but in the mundane or only the pardes? Are we supposed to perfect our fulfilment of the mistvoth until we are prepared for the pardes and then reap the rewards of cosmic understanding from there? Side note, we must labor to fulfill the mistvoth because if we were to take without experience this cosmic understanding we could very easily jump too far or too little, Our minds must be firmly rooted before stretching so far, lest we become lost from reality. I suppose this is madness, and that this journal entry has been quite a ramble. Ending it now, will read over a bit. 



