july_20_2018
8:57 am

I was typing a comment on Reddit and it suddenly occurred to me that I’m tired. I must be tired because of social media addiction. Everything in the body is connected. Listen to it. Understand it’s signals. Before Reddit was the outlet of our great ideas, now it should be here. A format may be “what am I feeling, what is then happening in my mind, what can we do to fix it.” What is happening in my mind right now, then, is that I’m tired. I looked at porn images from 4chan last night, I watched a movie, and I’m still suffering internet addiction. It has to end now. I’m scared to death I won’t be able to break it. I know in deep truth that it’s fucking my head. I pray that this knowledge will propel to a greater state of mind. 

6:00 pm

I’m in the bathroom reading my past journals and there is a nagging sense that I have a certain brilliant quality, and in tunedness with my emotions, only in Israel. Of course, I want to believe this is false and find some way to prove to myself that it is so, but the real proper course should be to leave it open ended, and pursue greatness regardless. This has given me a feeling if freedom and pride just now. Whether or not it is possible is not a concern. If it is, fine, if not, fine. I need only pursue it, which makes me think it is possible. I do need to read more, I’m suddenly though excited for my life and feel good that I didn’t look at Reddit or other assorted crap. Remember this feeling of satisfaction, of warm tranquil pleasure, and know with your very being that this is the result of abstaining from what seems so noroushing at the time. We are deceived until the brief moments in which god may reveal to us the light penetrating through. He does this every so often, yet we are so forgetful of it. How is that? Will discuss more later, I’m beginning to feel the potent emotions once more, this time a love perhaps for myself, nay for God for gracing me with this understanding, for it was not me that got here. 



